You’re working on my app MeasurePro (React + Vite PWA with Firebase, IndexedDB, Leaflet + react-leaflet).

CONTEXT

Recent work you did:

2025-11-25-v17-auth-indexeddb-fix

Auth init fallback + IndexedDB version issues.

2025-11-26-v18-leaflet-bundled-fix

Switched from CDN Leaflet + shim to bundled Leaflet from node_modules.

Changed minifier from Terser to esbuild.

Updated Leaflet imports, routing machine, etc.

Current behaviour:

In dev: app loads, login works, map shows, everything looks fine.

In production (published app):

I enter username/password.

App says “Welcome back”.

Then it crashes with the UI error screen:

Component Load Error
Failed to load component:
TypeError: Constructor Map requires 'new'

So the app boots, auth works, and then the lazy-loaded map screen blows up in production.

This error still exists right now, even after your “leaflet-cdn-shim” and bundling changes.

WHAT THIS ERROR MEANS

"Constructor Map requires 'new'" is the native error thrown when the built-in ES6 Map class is invoked without new.
So somewhere in the code (or in a shim / plugin / routing machine glue), there is effectively a call like:

Map(...)        // ❌ should be: new Map(...)


or something equivalent after weird re-exports/shadowing.

Your previous explanation that “destructuring the Map constructor breaks it” is wrong – destructuring a constructor works fine:

const { Map } = window;
new Map(); // ✅ absolutely valid


So stop guessing. I need you to find the exact place where the bad call happens.

YOUR TASK

Reproduce the production error

Build and run the app in a way that mimics production (npm run build + npm run preview, or Replit’s production preview).

In the browser devtools console, capture the full stack trace of the error "TypeError: Constructor Map requires 'new'" when the app crashes after login.

Trace it back to source

Use sourcemaps to map the top of the stack back to the actual TS/TSX file and line number.

Identify exactly which module / file is causing it (likely something in Leaflet / routing / map components).

Find the real bug

Search for the following patterns and inspect them carefully:

Map( calls that are not preceded by new.

const { Map } = ...

export const Map = ...

Any code that might shadow the global Map or Leaflet’s L.Map.

Pay special attention to:

src/lib/leaflet/leaflet-cdn-shim.ts or its replacement.

src/lib/leaflet/loadLeafletRoutingMachine.ts.

Any MapView, SurveyMap, or similar map components.

Any glue where leaflet-routing-machine is wired to window.L.

Implement a concrete, minimal fix

Fix the exact offending code instead of adding new hacks.

Do NOT re-introduce the old CDN shim or any “magic” that messes with Map.

We want a clean setup:

leaflet and react-leaflet imported from node_modules.

leaflet-routing-machine only uses window.L if absolutely necessary, and done cleanly.

Example types of acceptable fixes (depending on what you find):

Replace Map(opts) with new Map(opts) if it’s actually the ES6 Map.

If you accidentally exported the global Map instead of Leaflet’s L.Map, fix the export to use L.Map and rename it to avoid collisions (e.g. LeafletMap).

Remove any shim that destructures from window and returns the wrong Map.

Verify both dev and prod

Dev:

App loads.

Login works.

Main map screen renders.

Console has no Map/Leaflet errors.

Production / Preview:

Same as above.

No “Component Load Error”.

No "Constructor Map requires 'new'".

Explain clearly what you fixed
In your reply, I want:

File + line where the bug was.

Before/after code snippet showing the exact change.

List of all files you touched.

Confirmation that you tested both dev and production as described.

Keep the changes surgical. No more vague “it was the shim” stories. I want the actual root cause fixed and verified.